http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/a_1	a	indefinite article
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/agreement	agreement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/agree	agree	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ago	ago	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/aggressive	aggressive	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/agent	agent	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/agency	agency	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/aged	aged	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/age_1	age	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/against	against	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/again	again	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/afterwards	afterwards	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/afternoon	afternoon	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/after_1	after	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/afraid	afraid	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/afford	afford	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/affection	affection	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alarmed	alarmed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alarm_1	alarm	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/airport	airport	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/aircraft	aircraft	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/air_1	air	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/aim_1	aim	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/aid_1	aid	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ahead	ahead	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/affect	affect	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/affair	affair	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/advise	advise	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/advice	advice	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/advertising	advertising	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/advertisement	advertisement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/advertise	advertise	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/advert	advert	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cabinet	cabinet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/each	each	determiner,pronoun,adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/habit	habit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lab_2	lab	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/charge_1	charge	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/characteristic_1	characteristic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/character	character	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chapter	chapter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/channel_1	channel	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/change-round	change round	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/change_1	change	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chance_1	chance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chamber	chamber	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/challenge_1	challenge	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chairwoman	chairwoman	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chairman	chairman	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chair_1	chair	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chain_1	chain	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/certificate_1	certificate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/certainly	certainly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/check-over	check over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/check-out	check out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/check-on	check on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/check-into	check into	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/check-in_2	check in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/check_1	check	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cheat-of	cheat of	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cheat_1	cheat	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cheaply	cheaply	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cheap_1	cheap	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chat_1	chat	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chase-away	chase away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chase_1	chase	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chart_1	chart	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/charity	charity	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enthusiastically	enthusiastically	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look_1	look	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/keen_1	keen	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/entire	entire	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/settle-down	settle down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/settle_1	settle	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/set-out	set out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/set-off	set off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/set_1	set	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/session	session	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/service_1	service	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/serve_1	serve	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/medium_1	medium	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/medicine	medicine	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/medical_1	medical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/media	media	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/meat	meat	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/measurement	measurement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/measure_1	measure	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/meanwhile_1	meanwhile	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/means	means	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/meaning_1	meaning	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mean_1	mean	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/meal	meal	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/me_1	me	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mayor	mayor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/maybe	maybe	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/may_3	May	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/meet_1	meet	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/musician	musician	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/musical_1	musical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/music	music	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/museum	museum	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/muscle_1	muscle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/murder_1	murder	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mum_1	mum	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/multiply	multiply	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mud_1	mud	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/much_1	much	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ms_2	Ms	abbreviation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mrs	Mrs	abbreviation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mr	Mr	abbreviation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/moving	moving	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/movie-theater	movie theater	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/geography	geography	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/infectious	infectious	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/infection	infection	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/infected	infected	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/infect	infect	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/inevitably	inevitably	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/inevitable	inevitable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/industry	industry	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/industrial	industrial	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/indoors	indoors	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/indoor	indoor	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/individual_1	individual	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/indirectly	indirectly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/indirect	indirect	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/justify	justify	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/justified	justified	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grow-up	grow up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/growth	growth	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grow	grow	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/group_1	group	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ground_1	ground	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grocery_2	grocery	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grey_1	grey	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/green_1	green	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/greatly	greatly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/great_1	great	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gravely	gravely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grave1_1	grave	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grateful	grateful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grass_1	grass	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grant_1	grant	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grandson	grandson	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/guy	guy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gun_1	gun	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/guilty	guilty	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/guide_1	guide	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/guest_1	guest	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/guess_1	guess	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/guard_1	guard	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/guarantee_1	guarantee	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grandparent	grandparent	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grandmother	grandmother	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grandfather	grandfather	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/granddaughter	granddaughter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grandchild	grandchild	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grand_1	grand	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grammar	grammar	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gram	gram	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grain	grain	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gradually	gradually	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gradual	gradual	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grade_1	grade	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/grab_1	grab	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-without	go without	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-with	go with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/governor	governor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/government	government	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/govern	govern	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-up	go up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-to_2	go to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-through-with	go through with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-through	go through	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-round_2	go round	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-over	go over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-out-with	go out with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-out	go out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-on-doing	go on doing	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-on	go on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-off	go off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/goods	goods	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/goodbye	goodbye	exclamation,noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/good_1	good	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gold_1	gold	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-into	go into	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-down	go down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/god	god	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-by	go by	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-back-to	go back to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-back	go back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-away	go away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/goal	goal	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go-ahead_3	go ahead	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/go_1	go	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/glue_1	glue	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/glove	glove	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/global	global	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/glass_1	glass	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/glad	glad	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/give-up	give up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/give-out	give out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/give-off	give off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/give-in	give in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/give-back	give back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/give-away	give away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/give_1	give	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/girlfriend	girlfriend	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/girl	girl	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gift_1	gift	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/giant_1	giant	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-up_2	get up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-through	get through	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-round-to	get round to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-round	get round	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-over_1	get over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-out-of	get out of	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-on-with	get on with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-on	get on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-off	get off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-into	get into	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-in	get in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-by	get by	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-back	get back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-away-with	get away with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get-away	get away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/get	get	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/justice	justice	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/just_1	just	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/junior_1	junior	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/june	June	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/jump_1	jump	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/july	July	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/juice_1	juice	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/judgement	judgement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/judge_1	judge	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/joy	joy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/journey_1	journey	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/journalist	journalist	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/joke_1	joke	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/jointly	jointly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/joint_1	joint	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/join-in	join in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/join_1	join	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flow_1	flow	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flour_1	flour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/floor_1	floor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flooding	flooding	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flooded	flooded	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flood_1	flood	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/float_1	float	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flight_1	flight	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flesh_1	flesh	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flavour_1	flavour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flat_1	flat	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flash_1	flash	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flame_1	flame	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flag_1	flag	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fixed	fixed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fix_1	fix	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/five_1	five	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fit-in	fit in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fit_1	fit	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fishing	fishing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fish_1	fish	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/first_1	first	determiner,ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/firmly	firmly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/firm_1	firm	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fire_1	fire	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/finish-off	finish off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/finished	finished	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/finish_1	finish	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/finger_1	finger	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/finely	finely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fine_1	fine	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/find-out	find out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/find_1	find	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/financial	financial	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/finance_1	finance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/finally	finally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/final_1	final	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/genuinely	genuinely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/genuine	genuine	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gently	gently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gentleman	gentleman	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gentle	gentle	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/generously	generously	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/generous	generous	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/generation	generation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/generate	generate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/generally	generally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/general_1	general	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gear_1	gear	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gather	gather	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gate	gate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gasoline	gasoline	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gas_1	gas	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/garden_1	garden	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/garbage	garbage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/garage_1	garage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gap	gap	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/game_1	game	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gambling	gambling	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gamble_1	gamble	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gallon	gallon	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/gain_1	gain	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/future_1	future	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/further_1	further	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/furniture	furniture	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fur	fur	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/funny	funny	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/funeral	funeral	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/commitment	commitment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/commit	commit	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/commission_1	commission	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/commercial_1	commercial	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/comment_1	comment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/command_1	command	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/comfortably	comfortably	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cool-down	cool down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cool_1	cool	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cooking_1	cooking	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cookie	cookie	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cooker	cooker	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cook_1	cook	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/movie	movie	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/move-over	move over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/move-out	move out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/movement	movement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/move-in	move in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/move_1	move	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mouth_1	mouth	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mouse_1	mouse	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mountain	mountain	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mount_1	mount	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/motorcycle	motorcycle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/motorbike	motorbike	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/motor_1	motor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/motion_1	motion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mother_1	mother	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mostly	mostly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/most_1	most	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/morning	morning	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/moreover	moreover	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/more_1	more	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/morally	morally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/moral_1	moral	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/moon_1	moon	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mood	mood	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/month	month	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/monitor_1	monitor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/money	money	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/monday	Monday	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/moment	moment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mom	mom	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/modern	modern	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/model_1	model	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mobile-phone	mobile phone	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mobile_1	mobile	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mix-up_2	mix up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mixture	mixture	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mixed	mixed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mix_1	mix	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mistaken	mistaken	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mistake-for	mistake for	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mistake_1	mistake	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/miss-out	miss out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/missing	missing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/miss_1	miss	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mirror_1	mirror	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/minute1_1	minute	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/minority	minority	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/minor_1	minor	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ministry	ministry	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/minister_1	minister	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/minimum_2	minimum	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mineral	mineral	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mine_1	mine	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mind_1	mind	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/millionth_1	millionth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/million	million	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/millimetre	millimetre	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/milligram	milligram	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/milk_1	milk	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/military_1	military	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mile	mile	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mild_1	mild	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/might_1	might	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/midnight	midnight	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/middle_1	middle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/midday	midday	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mid_1	mid-	combining form
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/metre	metre	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/method	method	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/metal	metal	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/message_1	message	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mess_1	mess	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/merely	merely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mere_1	mere	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/menu	menu	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mention_1	mention	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mentally	mentally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mental_1	mental	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/memory	memory	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/membership	membership	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/member	member	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/melt	melt	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nut_1	nut	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nurse_1	nurse	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/number_1	number	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nuclear	nuclear	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nowhere	nowhere	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/now_1	now	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/november	November	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/novel_1	novel	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/noticeable	noticeable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/notice_1	notice	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nothing	nothing	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/note-down	note down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/note_1	note	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/not	not	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nose_1	nose	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/northern	northern	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/north_1	north	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/normally	normally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/normal_1	normal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nor	nor	conjunction,adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/no-one	no one	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nonsense	nonsense	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/none_1	none	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/non	non-	prefix
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/noisy	noisy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/noisily	noisily	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/noise	noise	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nobody_1	nobody	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/no_2	no	exclamation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ninth_1	ninth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ninety	ninety	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ninetieth_1	ninetieth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nineteenth_1	nineteenth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nineteen	nineteen	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nine	nine	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/night	night	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/niece	niece	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nicely	nicely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nice	nice	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/next-to	next to	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/next_1	next	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/newspaper	newspaper	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/news	news	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/newly	newly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/new	new	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nevertheless	nevertheless	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/never_1	never	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/network_1	network	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/net_2	net	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nest_1	nest	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nervously	nervously	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nervous	nervous	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nerve_1	nerve	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nephew	nephew	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/neither_1	neither	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/neighbourhood	neighbourhood	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/neighbour_1	neighbour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/negative_1	negative	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/needle_1	needle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/need_1	need	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/neck_1	neck	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/necessary	necessary	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/necessarily	necessarily	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/neatly	neatly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/neat	neat	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nearly	nearly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nearby_1	nearby	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/indication	indication	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/indicate	indicate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/index_1	index	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/independently	independently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/independent_1	independent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/independence_1	independence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/indeed	indeed	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/increasingly	increasingly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/increase_1	increase	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/income	income	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/including	including	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/include	include	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/incident	incident	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/inch_1	inch	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/inability	inability	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/in_1	in	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/improvement	improvement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/improve	improve	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/impressive	impressive	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/impression	impression	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/impressed	impressed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/impress	impress	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/impossible	impossible	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/impose	impose	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/importantly	importantly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/important	important	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/importance	importance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/import_2	import	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/import_1	import	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/imply	imply	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/implication	implication	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/impatient	impatient	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/impact_1	impact	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/immoral	immoral	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/immediately_1	immediately	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/immediate	immediate	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/imagine	imagine	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/imagination	imagination	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/imaginary	imaginary	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/image	image	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/illustrate	illustrate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/illness	illness	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/illegally	illegally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/illegal_1	illegal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ill_1	ill	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ignore	ignore	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/if_1	if	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/i-e	i.e.	abbreviation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/identity	identity	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/identify-with	identify with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/identify	identify	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ideal_1	ideal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/idea	idea	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ice-cream	ice cream	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ice_1	ice	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/i_1	I	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/husband_1	husband	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hurt_1	hurt	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hurry-up	hurry up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hurry_1	hurry	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hunting	hunting	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hunt_1	hunt	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hungry	hungry	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hundredth_1	hundredth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hundred	hundred	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/humour_1	humour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/humorous	humorous	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/human_1	human	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/huge	huge	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/however	however	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/how	how	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/housing	housing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/household_1	household	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/house_1	house	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hour	hour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hotel	hotel	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hot_1	hot	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/job_1	job	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/jewellery	jewellery	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/jelly	jelly	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/jeans	jeans	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/jealous	jealous	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/january	January	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/jam_1	jam	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/jacket	jacket	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/itself	itself	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/its	its	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/item	item	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/it_1	it	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/issue_1	issue	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/island	island	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/irritating	irritating	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/irritated	irritated	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/irritate	irritate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/iron_1	iron	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/involvement	involvement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/involved	involved	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/involve	involve	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/invite_1	invite	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/invitation	invitation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/investment	investment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/investigation	investigation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/investigate	investigate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/invest	invest	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/invention	invention	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/invent	invent	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/introduction	introduction	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/introduce	introduce	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/into	into	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/interview_1	interview	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/interval	interval	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/interruption	interruption	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/interrupt	interrupt	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/interpretation	interpretation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/interpret	interpret	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/internet	Internet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/international_1	international	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/internal	internal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/interior_1	interior	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/interesting	interesting	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/interested	interested	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/interest_1	interest	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/intention	intention	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/intended	intended	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/intend	intend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/intelligent	intelligent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/intelligence	intelligence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/insurance	insurance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/insulting	insulting	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/insult_1	insult	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/instrument	instrument	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/instruction_1	instruction	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/institution	institution	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/institute_1	institute	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/instead-of	instead of	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/instead	instead	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/instance_1	instance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/install	install	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/insist-on-doing	insist on doing	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/insist-on	insist on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/insist	insist	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/inside_1	inside	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/insert_1	insert	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/insect	insect	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/innocent_1	innocent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/inner	inner	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ink_1	ink	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/injury	injury	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/injured	injured	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/injure	injure	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/initiative	initiative	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/initially	initially	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/initial_1	initial	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ingredient	ingredient	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/information	information	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/failure	failure	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fail_1	fail	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/factory	factory	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/factor_1	factor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fact	fact	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/facility	facility	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/film_1	film	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fill-up_2	fill up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fill-out	fill out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fill-in	fill in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fill_1	fill	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/file_1	file	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/figure-out	figure out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/figure_1	figure	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fighting	fighting	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fight_1	fight	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fifty	fifty	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fiftieth_1	fiftieth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fifth_1	fifth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fifteenth_1	fifteenth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fifteen	fifteen	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/field_1	field	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/few_1	few	determiner,adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fever	fever	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fetch	fetch	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/festival	festival	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fence_1	fence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/female_1	female	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fellow_1	fellow	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/feeling	feeling	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/feel_1	feel	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/feed_1	feed	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fee	fee	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/federal	federal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/february	February	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/feature_1	feature	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/feather_1	feather	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fear_1	fear	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/favourite_1	favourite	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/favour_1	favour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fault_1	fault	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/faucet	faucet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/father_1	father	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fat_1	fat	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fasten	fasten	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fast_1	fast	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fashionable	fashionable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fashion_1	fashion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/farthest_1	farthest	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/farther_1	farther	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/farming	farming	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/farmer	farmer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/farm_1	farm	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/far_1	far	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fancy_1	fancy	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fan_1	fan	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/famous	famous	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/family_1	family	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/familiar	familiar	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fame	fame	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/false	false	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fall_1	fall	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/faithfully	faithfully	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/faithful	faithful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/faith	faith	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fairly	fairly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fair_1	fair	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fundamental_1	fundamental	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fund_1	fund	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/function-as	function as	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/function_1	function	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fun_1	fun	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fully	fully	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/full_1	full	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fuel_1	fuel	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fry_1	fry	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fruit_1	fruit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/frozen	frozen	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/front_1	front	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/from	from	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/frightening	frightening	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/frightened	frightened	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/frighten-away-off	frighten away/off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/frighten	frighten	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/friendship	friendship	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/friendly_1	friendly	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/friend	friend	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fridge	fridge	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/friday_1	Friday	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/freshly	freshly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fresh_1	fresh	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/frequently	frequently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/frequent_1	frequent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/freeze_1	freeze	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/freely	freely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/freedom	freedom	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/free_1	free	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/frame_1	frame	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fourth_1	fourth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fourteenth_1	fourteenth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fourteen	fourteen	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/four	four	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/foundation	foundation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/found	found	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/forward_1	forward	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/forty	forty	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fortune	fortune	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fortieth_2	fortieth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/formula	formula	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/formerly	formerly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/former_1	former	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/formally	formally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/formal	formal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/form_1	form	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fork_1	fork	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/forgive	forgive	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/forget	forget	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/forever	forever	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/forest	forest	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/foreign	foreign	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/forecast_1	forecast	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/force_1	force	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/for_1	for	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/football	football	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/foot_1	foot	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/food	food	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/follow-up_3	follow up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/following_1	following	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/follow	follow	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/folding	folding	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fold_1	fold	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/focus_1	focus	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flying_1	flying	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/fly_1	fly	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flu	flu	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/comfortable	comfortable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/comfort_1	comfort	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come-up-to	come up to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come-up	come up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come-to_1	come to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come-round	come round	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come-out	come out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come-on_2	come on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come-off	come off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come-in	come in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come-from	come from	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/comedy	comedy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come-down	come down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come-across	come across	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/come_1	come	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/combine_1	combine	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/combination	combination	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/column	column	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/coloured_1	coloured	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/colour_1	colour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/college	college	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/collection	collection	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/collect_2	collect	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/colleague	colleague	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/collapse_1	collapse	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/coldly	coldly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cold_1	cold	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/coin_1	coin	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/coffee	coffee	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/code_1	code	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/coat_1	coat	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/coast_1	coast	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/coal	coal	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/coach_1	coach	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/club_1	club	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cloud_1	cloud	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clothing	clothing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clothes	clothes	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cloth	cloth	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/closet_1	closet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/closely	closely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/closed	closed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/close2_1	close	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/close1_1	close	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clock_1	clock	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/climbing	climbing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/climb_1	climb	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/climate	climate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/client	client	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/click_1	click	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clever	clever	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clerk_1	clerk	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clear-up_2	clear up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clear-out_2	clear out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clearly	clearly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clear_1	clear	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clean-up_2	clean up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clean_1	clean	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/classroom	classroom	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/classic_1	classic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/class_1	class	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/clap_1	clap	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/claim_1	claim	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/civil	civil	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/city	city	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/citizen	citizen	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/circumstance	circumstance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/circle_1	circle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cinema	cinema	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cigarette	cigarette	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/church	church	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chop-off	chop off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chop-down	chop down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chop_1	chop	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/choose	choose	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/choice_1	choice	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chocolate	chocolate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chip_1	chip	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chin	chin	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/child	child	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chief_1	chief	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chicken_1	chicken	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chew_1	chew	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chest	chest	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cheque	cheque	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chemistry	chemistry	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/convince	convince	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/convert_1	convert	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/conversation	conversation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/conventional	conventional	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/convention	convention	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/convenient	convenient	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/controlled	controlled	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/control_1	control	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/contribution	contribution	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/contribute	contribute	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/contrasting	contrasting	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/contrast_2	contrast	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/contrast_1	contrast	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/contract_2	contract	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/contract_1	contract	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/continuously	continuously	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/continuous	continuous	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/continue	continue	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/continent_2	continent	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/context	context	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/contest_1	contest	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/content1	content	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/contemporary_1	contemporary	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/container	container	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/contain	contain	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/contact_1	contact	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/consumer	consumer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/consult	consult	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/construction	construction	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/construct_1	construct	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/constantly	constantly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/constant_1	constant	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/consist-of	consist of	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/consist	consist	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/consideration	consideration	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/considerably	considerably	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/considerable	considerable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/consider	consider	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/conservative_1	conservative	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/consequence	consequence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/conscious	conscious	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/connection	connection	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/connected	connected	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/connect	connect	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/congress	congress	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/congratulation	congratulation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/congratulate	congratulate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/confusion	confusion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/confusing	confusing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/confused	confused	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/confuse	confuse	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/confront	confront	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/conflict_1	conflict	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/confirm	confirm	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/confined	confined	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/confine	confine	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/confidently	confidently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/confident	confident	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/confidence	confidence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/conference	conference	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/conduct_2	conduct	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/conduct_1	conduct	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/condition_1	condition	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/concrete_1	concrete	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/conclusion	conclusion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/conclude	conclude	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/concert	concert	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/concerning	concerning	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/concerned	concerned	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/concern_1	concern	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/concept	concept	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/concentration	concentration	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/concentrate-on	concentrate on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/concentrate_1	concentrate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/computer	computer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/complicated	complicated	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/complicate	complicate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/complex_1	complex	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/completely	completely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/complete_1	complete	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/complaint	complaint	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/complain	complain	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/competitive	competitive	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/competition	competition	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/compete	compete	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/comparison	comparison	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/compare_1	compare	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/company	company	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/community	community	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/communication	communication	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/communicate	communicate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/commonly	commonly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/common_1	common	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/daughter	daughter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/date-back	date back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/date_1	date	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/data	data	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dark_1	dark	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dare_1	dare	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dangerous	dangerous	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/danger	danger	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dancing	dancing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dancer	dancer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dance_1	dance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/damp_1	damp	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/damage_1	damage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/daily_1	daily	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dad	dad	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cycling	cycling	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cycle_1	cycle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cut-up	cut up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cut-out_2	cut out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cut-off_3	cut off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cut-down_2	cut down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cut-back	cut back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cut_1	cut	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/customs	customs	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/customer	customer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/custom_1	custom	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/curved	curved	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/curve_1	curve	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/curtain_1	curtain	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/currently	currently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/current_1	current	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/curly	curly	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/curl-up	curl up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/curl_1	curl	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/curiously	curiously	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/curious	curious	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cure_1	cure	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/curb_1	curb	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cupboard	cupboard	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cup_1	cup	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/culture_1	culture	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cultural	cultural	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cry-out	cry out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cry_1	cry	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crush_1	crush	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cruel	cruel	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crucial	crucial	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crown_1	crown	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crowded	crowded	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crowd_1	crowd	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cross-out	cross out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cross_1	cross	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crop_1	crop	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/criticize	criticize	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/criticism	criticism	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/critical	critical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/criterion	criterion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crisp_1	crisp	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crisis_1	crisis	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/criminal_1	criminal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crime	crime	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/credit-card	credit card	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/credit_1	credit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/creature	creature	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/create	create	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cream_1	cream	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crazy_1	crazy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crash_1	crash	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/craft_1	craft	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cracked	cracked	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/crack_1	crack	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cow_1	cow	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cover-up_2	cover up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/covering	covering	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/covered	covered	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cover_1	cover	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cousin	cousin	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/court_1	court	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/course_1	course	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/courage	courage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/couple_2	couple	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/county_1	county	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/countryside	countryside	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/country	country	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/count-on	count on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/counter_1	counter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/count_1	count	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/council	council	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/could	could	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/coughing	coughing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/may_1	may	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/maximum_1	maximum	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/matter_1	matter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mathematics	mathematics	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/material_1	material	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mate_1	mate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/match-up	match up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/matching	matching	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/match_1	match	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/master_1	master	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/massive	massive	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mass_1	mass	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/marry	marry	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/married	married	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/marriage	marriage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/marketing	marketing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/market_1	market	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mark_1	mark	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/march_3	March	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/march_1	march	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/map_1	map	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/many	many	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/manufacturing	manufacturing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/manufacturer	manufacturer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/manufacture_1	manufacture	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/manner	manner	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/manager	manager	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/management	management	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/manage	manage	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/man_1	man	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mall_1	mall	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/male_1	male	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/make-up-for	make up for	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/make-up_1	make-up	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/make-up_2	make up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/make-into	make into	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/make_1	make	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/majority	majority	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/major_1	major	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/maintain	maintain	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mainly	mainly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/main_1	main	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mail_1	mail	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/magic_1	magic	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/magazine	magazine	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mad_1	mad	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/machinery	machinery	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/machine_1	machine	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lung	lung	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lunch_1	lunch	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lump_1	lump	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/luggage	luggage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lucky	lucky	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/luck_1	luck	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/loyal	loyal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/low_1	low	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lover	lover	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lovely_1	lovely	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/love_1	love	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/loudly	loudly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/loud_1	loud	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lot_1	lot	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lost	lost	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/loss	loss	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lose	lose	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lorry	lorry	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lord_1	lord	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/loosely	loosely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/loose_1	loose	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-up-to	look up to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-up	look up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-through	look through	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-round	look round	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-out-for	look out for	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-out	look out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-on-with	look on with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-on	look on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-into	look into	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-forward-to	look forward to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-down-on	look down on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-at	look at	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/look-after	look after	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/meet-with	meet with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/meet-up	meet up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/meeting	meeting	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/near_1	near	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/navy	navy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nature_1	nature	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/naturally	naturally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/natural_1	natural	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/national_1	national	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nation	nation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/narrow_1	narrow	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/name_1	name	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/naked	naked	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/nail_1	nail	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mystery	mystery	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/mysterious	mysterious	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/myself	myself	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/my	my	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/must_1	must	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/host_1	host	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hospital	hospital	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/horse_1	horse	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/horror	horror	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/horn_1	horn	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/horizontal_1	horizontal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hope_1	hope	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hook_1	hook	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/honour_1	honour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/honestly	honestly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/informal	informal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/inform	inform	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/influence_1	influence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/knowledge	knowledge	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/know_1	know	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/knot_1	knot	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/knock-out	knock out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/knock-down_3	knock down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/knock_1	knock	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/knitting	knitting	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/knitted	knitted	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/knit_1	knit	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/knife_1	knife	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/knee_1	knee	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/kitchen	kitchen	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/kiss_1	kiss	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/king	king	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/kindness	kindness	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/kindly_1	kindly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/kind_1	kind	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/kilometre	kilometre	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/kilogram	kilogram	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/killing_1	killing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/kill_1	kill	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/kid_1	kid	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/kick_1	kick	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/keyboard_1	keyboard	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/key_1	key	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/keep-up-with	keep up with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/keep-up	keep up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/keep-out-of	keep out of	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/keep-out	keep out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/keep_1	keep	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/face-up-to	face up to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/face_1	face	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eye_1	eye	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/extremely	extremely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/extreme_1	extreme	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/extraordinary	extraordinary	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/extra_1	extra	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/extent	extent	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/extensive	extensive	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/extension	extension	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/extend	extend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/expression	expression	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/express_1	express	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/expose_1	expose	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/export_2	export	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/export_1	export	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/explosion	explosion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/explore	explore	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/explode	explode	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/explanation	explanation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/explain	explain	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/expert_1	expert	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/experiment_1	experiment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/experienced	experienced	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/experience_1	experience	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/expensive	expensive	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/expense	expense	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/expected	expected	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/expectation	expectation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/expect	expect	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/expand	expand	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exit_1	exit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/existence	existence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exist	exist	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exhibition	exhibition	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exhibit_1	exhibit	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exercise_1	exercise	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/executive_1	executive	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/excuse_2	excuse	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/excuse_1	excuse	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/excluding	excluding	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exclude	exclude	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exciting	exciting	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/excitement	excitement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/excited	excited	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/excite	excite	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exchange_1	exchange	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exception	exception	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/except_1	except	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/excellent	excellent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/example	example	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/examine	examine	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/examination	examination	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exam	exam	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exaggerated	exaggerated	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exaggerate	exaggerate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exactly	exactly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/exact_1	exact	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ex_3	ex-	prefix
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/evil_1	evil	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/evidence_1	evidence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/everywhere	everywhere	adverb,pronoun,conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/everything	everything	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/everyone	everyone	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/everybody	everybody	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/every	every	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ever	ever	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eventually	eventually	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/event	event	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/evening	evening	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/even_1	even	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/euro_1	euro	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/etc	etc.	abbreviation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/estimate_1	estimate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/estate	estate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/establish	establish	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/essentially	essentially	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/essential_1	essential	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/essay_1	essay	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/especially	especially	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/escape_1	escape	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/error	error	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/equivalent_1	equivalent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/equipment	equipment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/equally	equally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/equal_1	equal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/environmental	environmental	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/environment	environment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/envelope	envelope	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/entry	entry	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/entrance1	entrance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/entitle	entitle	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/entirely	entirely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/faintly	faintly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/faint_1	faint	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/flower_1	flower	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chemist	chemist	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/chemical_1	chemical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cheese	cheese	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cheerfully	cheerfully	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cheerful	cheerful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cheek_1	cheek	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/check-up-on	check up on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/committee	committee	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cough_1	cough	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cotton_1	cotton	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cottage	cottage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cost_1	cost	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/correctly	correctly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/correct_1	correct	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/corner_1	corner	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/core_1	core	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/copy_1	copy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cope_1	cope	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/servant	servant	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seriously	seriously	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/serious	serious	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/series	series	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/september	September	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/separation	separation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/separately	separately	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/separated	separated	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/separate_2	separate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/separate_1	separate	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sentence_1	sentence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sensitive	sensitive	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sensible	sensible	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sense_1	sense	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/senior_1	senior	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/send-off_2	send off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/send-for	send for	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/around_1	around	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/army	army	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/arms	arms	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/armed	armed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/arm_1	arm	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/arise	arise	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/argument	argument	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/argue	argue	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/area	area	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/april	April	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/approximately	approximately	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/approximate_1	approximate	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/approving	approving	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/approve	approve	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/approval	approval	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/appropriate_1	appropriate	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/approach_1	approach	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/appreciate	appreciate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/appointment	appointment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/appoint	appoint	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/apply	apply	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/application	application	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/apple	apple	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/appearance	appearance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/appear	appear	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/appeal_1	appeal	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/apparently	apparently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/apparent	apparent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/apologize	apologize	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/apartment	apartment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/apart-from	apart from	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/apart	apart	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anywhere_1	anywhere	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beak	beak	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/day	day	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dirt	dirt	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enthusiastic	enthusiastic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enthusiasm	enthusiasm	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/entertainment	entertainment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/entertaining	entertaining	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/entertainer	entertainer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/entertain	entertain	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enter	enter	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ensure	ensure	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enquiry	enquiry	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enough_1	enough	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enormous	enormous	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/honest	honest	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/packet	packet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/relief	relief	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/different	different	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/difference	difference	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/diet_1	diet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/die-out	die out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/die-away	die away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/die_1	die	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dictionary	dictionary	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/diary	diary	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/diamond	diamond	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/diagram	diagram	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/devote-to_1	devote to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/devoted	devoted	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/devote	devote	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/device	device	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/development	development	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/develop	develop	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/director	director	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/directly_1	directly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/direction	direction	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/direct_1	direct	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dinner	dinner	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/digital_1	digital	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dig_1	dig	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/difficulty	difficulty	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/difficult	difficult	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/differently	differently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dying	dying	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/determined	determined	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/determine	determine	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/determination	determination	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/detailed	detailed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/detail_1	detail	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/destruction	destruction	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/destroy	destroy	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/despite	despite	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/desperately	desperately	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/desperate	desperate	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/desk	desk	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/desire_1	desire	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/design_1	design	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deserve	deserve	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deserted	deserted	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/desert_2	desert	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/desert_1	desert	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/description	description	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/describe	describe	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/derive-from	derive from	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/derive	derive	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/depth	depth	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/depressing	depressing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/depressed	depressed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/depress	depress	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deposit_1	deposit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/depend-on	depend on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/depend	depend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/departure	departure	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/department	department	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deny	deny	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dentist	dentist	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/demonstrate	demonstrate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/demand_1	demand	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/delivery	delivery	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deliver	deliver	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/delighted	delighted	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/delight_1	delight	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/delicate	delicate	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deliberately	deliberately	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deliberate_1	deliberate	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/delay_1	delay	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/degree	degree	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/definition	definition	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/definitely	definitely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/definite_1	definite	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/define	define	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/defend	defend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/defence	defence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/defeat_1	defeat	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deeply	deeply	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deep_1	deep	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/decrease_1	decrease	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/decorative	decorative	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/decoration	decoration	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/decorate	decorate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/decline_1	decline	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/declare	declare	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/decision	decision	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/decide-on	decide on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/decide	decide	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/december	December	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/decay_1	decay	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/decade	decade	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/debt	debt	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/debate_1	debate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/death	death	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dear_1	dear	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deal-with	deal with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deal-in	deal in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deal_1	deal	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/deaf	deaf	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dead_1	dead	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dvd	DVD	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/duty	duty	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dust_1	dust	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/during	during	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dump_1	dump	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dull_1	dull	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/due_1	due	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dry-up	dry up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dry-off	dry off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dry_1	dry	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drunk_1	drunk	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drum_1	drum	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drugstore	drugstore	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drug_1	drug	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drop-out	drop out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drop_1	drop	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/driving_1	driving	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/driver	driver	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drive-off	drive off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drive-away	drive away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drive_1	drive	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drink_1	drink	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dress-up	dress up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dressed	dressed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dress_1	dress	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dream_1	dream	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drawing	drawing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drawer	drawer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/draw_1	draw	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dramatically	dramatically	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dramatic	dramatic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drama	drama	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/drag_1	drag	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/draft_1	draft	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dozen	dozen	noun,determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/downwards	downwards	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/downward	downward	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/downstairs_1	downstairs	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/down_1	down	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/do-without	do without	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/do-with	do with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/do-up_1	do up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/doubt_1	doubt	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/double_1	double	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dot_1	dot	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/door	door	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dominate	dominate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/domestic_1	domestic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dollar	dollar	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dog_1	dog	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/document_1	document	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/doctor_1	doctor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/do1_1	do	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/divorced	divorced	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/divorce_1	divorce	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/division	division	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/divide_1	divide	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disturbing	disturbing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disturb	disturb	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/district	district	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/distribution	distribution	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/distribute	distribute	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/distinguish	distinguish	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/distance_1	distance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dissolve	dissolve	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/display_1	display	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dismiss	dismiss	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dislike_1	dislike	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disk	disk	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dishonestly	dishonestly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dishonest	dishonest	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dish_1	dish	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disgusting	disgusting	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disgusted	disgusted	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disgust_1	disgust	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disease	disease	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/discussion	discussion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/discuss	discuss	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/discovery	discovery	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/discover	discover	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/discount_1	discount	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/discipline_1	discipline	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disc	disc	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disaster	disaster	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disapproving	disapproving	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disapprove	disapprove	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disapproval	disapproval	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disappointment	disappointment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disappointing	disappointing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disappointed	disappointed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disappoint	disappoint	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disappear	disappear	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disagree-with-doing	disagree with doing	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disagreement	disagreement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disagree	disagree	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disadvantage_2	disadvantage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disabled	disabled	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dirty_1	dirty	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/relevant	relevant	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/release_1	release	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/relaxing	relaxing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/relaxed	relaxed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/relax	relax	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/relatively	relatively	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/relative_1	relative	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/relationship	relationship	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/relation	relation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/relate-to	relate to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/related	related	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/relate_1	relate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reject_1	reject	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/regulation_1	regulation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/regularly	regularly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/regular_1	regular	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/send	send	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/senator	senator	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/senate	senate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sell-out_2	sell out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sell-off_2	sell off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sell_1	sell	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/self_2	self-	combining form
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/self_1	self	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/selection	selection	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/select_1	select	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/see-to	see to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seem	seem	linking verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seek	seek	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seed_1	seed	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/see-about	see about	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/see_1	see	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/security	security	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/secure_1	secure	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sector	sector	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/section_1	section	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/secretly	secretly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/secretary	secretary	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/secret_1	secret	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/secondary	secondary	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/second1_1	second	determiner,ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seat_1	seat	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/season_1	season	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/search_1	search	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seal-off	seal off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seal_1	seal	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sea	sea	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/screw_1	screw	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/screen_1	screen	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/scream_1	scream	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/scratch_1	scratch	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/score_1	score	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/scissors	scissors	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/scientist	scientist	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/scientific	scientific	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/science	science	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/school_1	school	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/scheme_1	scheme	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/schedule_1	schedule	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/scene	scene	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/scare-off	scare off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/scared	scared	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/scare_1	scare	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/scale_1	scale	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/say_1	say	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/saving	saving	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/save_1	save	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sauce	sauce	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/saturday	Saturday	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/satisfying	satisfying	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/satisfy	satisfy	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/satisfied	satisfied	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/satisfaction	satisfaction	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sand_1	sand	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sample_1	sample	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/same_1	same	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/salty	salty	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/salt_1	salt	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sale	sale	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/salary	salary	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/salad	salad	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sailor	sailor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sailing	sailing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sail_1	sail	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/safety	safety	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/safely	safely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/safe_1	safe	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sadness	sadness	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sadly	sadly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sad_1	sad	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/threatening	threatening	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/threaten	threaten	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/threat	threat	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thread_1	thread	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thousandth_1	thousandth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thousand	thousand	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thought	thought	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/though_1	though	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thoroughly	thoroughly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thorough	thorough	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/this_1	this	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thirty	thirty	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thirtieth_1	thirtieth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thirteenth_1	thirteenth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thirteen	thirteen	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thirsty	thirsty	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/third_1	third	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/think-up	think up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/think-over	think over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/think-of-as	think of as	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/think-of	think of	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thinking_1	thinking	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/think-about	think about	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/think_1	think	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thing	thing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thin_1	thin	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thief	thief	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thickness	thickness	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thickly	thickly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thick_1	thick	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/they	they	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/therefore	therefore	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/there_1	there	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/theory	theory	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/then_1	then	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/themselves	themselves	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/theme_1	theme	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/them	them	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/theirs	theirs	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/their	their	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/theatre	theatre	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/the_1	the	definite article
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/that_3	that	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/that_1	that	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thank-you_1	thank you	exclamation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thanks_1	thanks	exclamation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thank	thank	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/than	than	preposition,conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/text_1	text	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/via	via	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/very_1	very	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/vertical_1	vertical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/version	version	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/venture_1	venture	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/vehicle	vehicle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/vegetable	vegetable	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/vast	vast	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/vary	vary	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/various	various	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/variety_1	variety	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/varied	varied	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/variation	variation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/van	van	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/value_1	value	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/valuable	valuable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/valley	valley	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/valid	valid	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/vacation_1	vacation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/usually	usually	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/usual	usual	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/use-up	use up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anyway	anyway	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anything	anything	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anyone	anyone	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anybody	anybody	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/any_1	any	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anxiously	anxiously	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anxious	anxious	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anxiety	anxiety	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anticipate	anticipate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anti_2	anti-	prefix
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/answer_1	answer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/another	another	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/annually	annually	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/annual_1	annual	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/annoying	annoying	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/annoyed	annoyed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/annoy	annoy	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/announce	announce	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anniversary	anniversary	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ankle	ankle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/animal_1	animal	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/angry	angry	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/angrily	angrily	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/angle_1	angle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/anger_1	anger	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/and	and	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ancient	ancient	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/analysis	analysis	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/analyse	analyse	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/amusing	amusing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/amused	amused	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/amuse	amuse	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/amount-to	amount to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/amount_1	amount	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/among	among	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ambulance	ambulance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ambition_1	ambition	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/amazing	amazing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/amazed	amazed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/amaze	amaze	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/a-m	a.m.	abbreviation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/always	always	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/altogether_1	altogether	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/although	although	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alternatively	alternatively	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alternative_1	alternative	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alter	alter	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/also	also	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/already	already	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alphabetically	alphabetically	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alphabetical	alphabetical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alphabet	alphabet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/aloud	aloud	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alongside_1	alongside	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/along_1	along	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alone	alone	adjective,adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/almost	almost	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ally_1	ally	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/all-right_1	all right	adjective,adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/allow-for	allow for	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/allow	allow	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/allied	allied	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/all_1	all	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alive	alive	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alcoholic_1	alcoholic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alcohol	alcohol	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beach_1	beach	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/be_1	be	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bay_1	bay	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/battle_1	battle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/battery	battery	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bathroom	bathroom	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bath_1	bath	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/basis	basis	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/basically	basically	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/basic_1	basic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/base-on	base on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/based	based	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/base_1	base	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/barrier	barrier	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bargain_1	bargain	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bar_1	bar	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bank_1	bank	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bandage_1	bandage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/band_1	band	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ban_1	ban	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ball_1	ball	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/balance_1	balance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bake_1	bake	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/baggage	baggage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bag_1	bag	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bad-tempered	bad-tempered	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/badly	badly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bad_1	bad	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bacteria	bacteria	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/backwards	backwards	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/backward_1	backward	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/back-up	back up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/background	background	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/back_1	back	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/baby_1	baby	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/awkwardly	awkwardly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/awkward	awkward	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/awfully	awfully	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/awful_1	awful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/away	away	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/aware	aware	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/award_1	award	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/awake_1	awake	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/avoid	avoid	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/average_1	average	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/available	available	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/autumn	autumn	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/automatically	automatically	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/automatic_1	automatic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/authority	authority	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/author_1	author	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/aunt	aunt	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/august_2	August	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/audience	audience	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attractive	attractive	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attraction	attraction	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attract	attract	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attorney	attorney	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attitude	attitude	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attention_1	attention	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attend-to	attend to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attend	attend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attempted	attempted	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attempt_1	attempt	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attack_1	attack	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attached	attached	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/attach	attach	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/atom	atom	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/atmosphere	atmosphere	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/at	at	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/assure	assure	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/assume	assume	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/association	association	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/associated	associated	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/associate_1	associate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/assistant_1	assistant	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/assistance	assistance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/assist_1	assist	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/aspect	aspect	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/asleep	asleep	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ask_1	ask	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/aside-from	aside from	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/aside_1	aside	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ashamed	ashamed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/as_1	as	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/artistically	artistically	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/artistic	artistic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/artist	artist	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/artificially	artificially	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/artificial	artificial	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/article	article	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/art_1	art	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/arrow	arrow	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/arrive-at	arrive at	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/arrive	arrive	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/arrival	arrival	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/arrest_1	arrest	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/arrangement	arrangement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/break-down	break down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/break_1	break	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bread	bread	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/certain_1	certain	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ceremony	ceremony	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/century	century	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/centre_1	centre	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/central	central	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/centimetre	centimetre	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cent_1	cent	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cell-phone	cell phone	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cell	cell	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/celebration	celebration	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/celebrate	celebrate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ceiling	ceiling	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cease	cease	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cd	CD	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cause_1	cause	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/category	category	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/catch-up_2	catch up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/catch_1	catch	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cat	cat	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/castle	castle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cast_1	cast	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cash_1	cash	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/case_1	case	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/carry-out_2	carry out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/carry-on_2	carry on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/carry	carry	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/carrot	carrot	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/carpet_1	carpet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/carelessly	carelessly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/careless	careless	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/carefully	carefully	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/careful	careful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/care-for	care for	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/career_1	career	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/care_1	care	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cardboard_1	cardboard	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/card_1	card	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/car	car	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/capture_1	capture	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/captain_1	captain	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/capital_1	capital	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/capacity	capacity	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/capable	capable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cap_1	cap	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cannot	cannot	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/candy	candy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/candidate	candidate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cancer_1	cancer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cancel	cancel	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/can2_1	can	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/can1	can	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/camping	camping	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/campaign_1	campaign	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/camp_1	camp	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/camera	camera	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/calmly	calmly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/calm-down	calm down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/calm_1	calm	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/call-up_2	call up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/call-off	call off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/call-for	call for	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/called	called	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/call-back	call back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/call_1	call	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/calculation	calculation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/calculate	calculate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cake_1	cake	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/cable_1	cable	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enjoyment	enjoyment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enjoyable	enjoyable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enjoy	enjoy	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/engineering	engineering	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/engineer_1	engineer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/engine	engine	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/engaged	engaged	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/engage	engage	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/energy	energy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enemy	enemy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/end-up	end up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ending	ending	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/end-in	end in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/end_1	end	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/encouragement	encouragement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/encourage	encourage	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/encounter_1	encounter	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/enable	enable	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/empty_1	empty	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/employment	employment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/employer	employer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/employee	employee	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/employ_1	employ	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/empire	empire	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/emphasize	emphasize	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/emphasis	emphasis	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/emotionally	emotionally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/emotional	emotional	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/emotion	emotion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/emergency	emergency	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/emerge	emerge	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/embarrassment	embarrassment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/embarrassing	embarrassing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/embarrassed	embarrassed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/embarrass	embarrass	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/email_1	email	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/elsewhere	elsewhere	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/else	else	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eleventh_1	eleventh	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eleven	eleven	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/elevator	elevator	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/element	element	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/elegant	elegant	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/electronic	electronic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/electricity	electricity	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/electrical	electrical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/electric_1	electric	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/election	election	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/elect_1	elect	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/elderly	elderly	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/elbow_1	elbow	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/either_1	either	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eighty	eighty	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eightieth_1	eightieth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eighth_1	eighth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eighteenth_1	eighteenth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eighteen	eighteen	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eight	eight	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/egg_1	egg	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/e-g	e.g.	abbreviation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/effort	effort	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/efficiently	efficiently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/efficient	efficient	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/effectively	effectively	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/effective	effective	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/effect_1	effect	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/education	education	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/educated	educated	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/educate	educate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/editor	editor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/edition	edition	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/edge_1	edge	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/economy	economy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/economic	economic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eat-up	eat up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eat-out	eat out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eat	eat	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/easy_1	easy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/eastern	eastern	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/east_1	east	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/easily	easily	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ease_1	ease	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/earth_1	earth	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/earn	earn	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/early_1	early	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ear	ear	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/each-other	each other	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/homework	homework	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/home_1	home	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/holy	holy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hollow_1	hollow	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/holiday_1	holiday	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hole_1	hole	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hold-up_2	hold up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hold-out	hold out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hold-on-to	hold on to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hold-on	hold on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hold-back	hold back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hold_1	hold	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hobby	hobby	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hit_1	hit	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/history	history	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/historical	historical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/his_1	his	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hire-out_1	hire out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hire_1	hire	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hip_1	hip	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/himself	himself	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/him	him	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hill	hill	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/highway	highway	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/highly	highly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/highlight_1	highlight	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/high_1	high	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hide_1	hide	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hi	hi	exclamation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hesitate	hesitate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/herself	herself	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hers	hers	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hero	hero	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/here_1	here	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/her_1	her	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hence	hence	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/help-out	help out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/helpful	helpful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/help_1	help	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hello_1	hello	exclamation,noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hell	hell	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/height	height	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/heel_1	heel	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/heavy_1	heavy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/heavily	heavily	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/heaven	heaven	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/heat-up	heat up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/heating	heating	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/heat_1	heat	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/heart	heart	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hear-of	hear of	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hearing	hearing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hear-from	hear from	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hear	hear	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/healthy	healthy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/health	health	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/heal	heal	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/headache	headache	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/head_1	head	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/he_1	he	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/have-to	have to	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/have-on	have on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/have-back	have back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/have_1	have	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hatred	hatred	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hate_1	hate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hat	hat	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/harmless	harmless	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/harmful	harmful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/harm_1	harm	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hardly	hardly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hard_1	hard	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/happy	happy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/happiness	happiness	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/happily	happily	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/happen-to	happen to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/happen	happen	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hang-up_2	hang up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hang-on-to	hang on to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hang-on	hang on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hang-around-with	hang around with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hang-around	hang around	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hang-about-with	hang about with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hang-about	hang about	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hang_1	hang	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hand-round	hand round	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hand-over	hand over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hand-out	hand out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/handle_1	handle	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hand-in	hand in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hand-down	hand down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hand-back	hand back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hand_1	hand	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hammer_1	hammer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hall	hall	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/half_1	half	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hairdresser	hairdresser	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/hair_1	hair	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/long_1	long	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lonely	lonely	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/logical_1	logical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/logic_1	logic	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lock-up_3	lock up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lock_1	lock	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/location	location	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/located	located	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/locate	locate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/locally	locally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/local_1	local	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/loan_1	loan	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/load_1	load	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/living_1	living	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/live-together	live together	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/live-through	live through	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/live-on	live on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lively	lively	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/live2_1	live	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/live1	live	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/little_1	little	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/litre	litre	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/literature	literature	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/listen_1	listen	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/list_1	list	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/liquid_1	liquid	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lip	lip	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/link_1	link	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/line_1	line	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/limit-to	limit to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/limited	limited	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/limit_1	limit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/likely_1	likely	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/like_1	like	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lightly	lightly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/light_1	light	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lift_1	lift	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/life_1	life	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lie-down_2	lie down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lie-around	lie around	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lie2_1	lie	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lie1_1	lie	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lid	lid	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/license_1	license	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/licence	licence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/library	library	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/level_1	level	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/letter_1	letter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/let-off	let off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/let-down_2	let down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/let_1	let	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lesson	lesson	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/less_1	less	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/length	length	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lend	lend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lemon_1	lemon	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/legally	legally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/legal	legal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/leg_1	leg	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/left_1	left	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lecture_1	lecture	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/leave-out	leave out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/leave_1	leave	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/leather	leather	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/least_1	least	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/learn	learn	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lean_1	lean	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/league	league	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/leaf_1	leaf	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/leading1	leading	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/leader	leader	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lead1_1	lead	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lazy	lazy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/layer_1	layer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lay_1	lay	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lawyer	lawyer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/law	law	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/launch_1	launch	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/laugh-at	laugh at	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/laugh_1	laugh	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/latter_1	latter	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/latest_1	latest	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/later_1	later	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/late_1	late	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/last1_1	last	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/largely	largely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/large_1	large	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/language	language	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lane	lane	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/landscape_1	landscape	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/land_1	land	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lamp_1	lamp	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lake	lake	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lady	lady	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lacking	lacking	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/lack_1	lack	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/labour_1	labour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/laboratory	laboratory	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/label_1	label	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/packaging	packaging	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/package_1	package	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pack_1	pack	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pace1_1	pace	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/own-up	own up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/owner	owner	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/own_1	own	adjective,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/owe	owe	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/overcome	overcome	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/overall_2	overall	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/overall_1	overall	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/over_1	over	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/oven	oven	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/outstanding	outstanding	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/outside_2	outside	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/outside_1	outside	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/output_1	output	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/outline_1	outline	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/outer	outer	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/outdoors_1	outdoors	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/outdoor	outdoor	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/out_1	out	adverb,preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ourselves	ourselves	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ours	ours	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/our	our	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ought-to	ought to	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/otherwise	otherwise	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/other	other	adjective,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/originally	originally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/original_1	original	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/origin	origin	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/organized	organized	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/organize	organize	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/organization	organization	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/organ	organ	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ordinary	ordinary	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/order_1	order	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/orange_1	orange	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/or_1	or	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/option_1	option	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/opposition	opposition	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/opposite_1	opposite	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/opposing	opposing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/opposed	opposed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/oppose	oppose	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/opportunity_1	opportunity	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/opponent	opponent	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/opinion	opinion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/operation	operation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/operate	operate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/open-up	open up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/openly	openly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/opening_1	opening	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/open_1	open	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/onto	onto	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/only_1	only	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/online_2	online	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/onion	onion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/one-another	one another	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/one_1	one	number,determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/once_1	once	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/on_1	on	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/old-fashioned	old-fashioned	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/old	old	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ok_1	OK	exclamation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/oil_1	oil	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/oh_1	oh	exclamation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/often	often	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/officially	officially	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/official_1	official	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/officer	officer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/office	office	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/offer_1	offer	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/offensive_1	offensive	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/offense	offense	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/offend	offend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/offence	offence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/off_1	off	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/of	of	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/oddly	oddly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/odd	odd	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/october	October	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ocean	ocean	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/occur-to	occur to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/occur	occur	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/occupy	occupy	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/occupied	occupied	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/occasionally	occasionally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/occasion_1	occasion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/obviously	obviously	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/obvious	obvious	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/obtain	obtain	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/observe	observe	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/observation	observation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/objective_1	objective	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/object_2	object	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/object_1	object	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/regret_1	regret	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/register_1	register	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/regional	regional	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/region	region	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/regarding	regarding	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/regard_1	regard	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/refuse1	refuse	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/refusal	refusal	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/refrigerator	refrigerator	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reform_1	reform	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reflect	reflect	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/refer-to	refer to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reference_1	reference	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/refer	refer	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reduction	reduction	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reduce	reduce	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/red_1	red	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/recover	recover	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/recording	recording	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/record_2	record	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/record_1	record	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/recommend	recommend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/recognize	recognize	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/recognition	recognition	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reckon-on	reckon on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reckon	reckon	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reception	reception	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/recently	recently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/recent	recent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/receive	receive	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/receipt	receipt	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/recall_1	recall	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reasonably	reasonably	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reasonable	reasonable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reason_1	reason	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rear_1	rear	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/really	really	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/realize	realize	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reality	reality	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/realistic	realistic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/real_1	real	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ready_1	ready	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/read-over	read over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/read-out_2	read out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reading_1	reading	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reader	reader	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/read_1	read	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reaction	reaction	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/react	react	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reach_1	reach	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/re_3	re-	prefix
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/raw_1	raw	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rather_1	rather	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rate_1	rate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rarely	rarely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rare	rare	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rapidly	rapidly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rapid	rapid	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rank_1	rank	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/range_1	range	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/raise_1	raise	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rain_1	rain	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/railway	railway	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/railroad_1	railroad	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rail_1	rail	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/radio_1	radio	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/racing	racing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/race_1	race	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/quote_1	quote	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/quite	quite	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/quit	quit	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/quietly	quietly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/quiet_1	quiet	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/quickly	quickly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/quick_1	quick	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/question_1	question	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/queen_1	queen	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/quarter_1	quarter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/quantity	quantity	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/quality_1	quality	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/qualify	qualify	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/qualified	qualified	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sack_1	sack	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/test_1	test	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/terribly	terribly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/terrible	terrible	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/term_1	term	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tenth_1	tenth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tent	tent	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tension_1	tension	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tendency	tendency	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tend	tend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ten	ten	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/temporary	temporary	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/temporarily	temporarily	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/temperature	temperature	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tell-off	tell off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tell	tell	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/television	television	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/telephone_1	telephone	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/technology	technology	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/technique	technique	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/technical	technical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tear-up	tear up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tear2	tear	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tear1_1	tear	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/team_1	team	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/teaching	teaching	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/teacher	teacher	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/teach	teach	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tea	tea	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/taxi_1	taxi	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tax_1	tax	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/taste_1	taste	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/task_1	task	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/target_1	target	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tape_1	tape	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tap_1	tap	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tank_1	tank	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tall	tall	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/talk_1	talk	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/take-up_2	take up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/take-over	take over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/take-on	take on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/take-off_2	take off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/take-in	take in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/take-down	take down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/take-back	take back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/take-away	take away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/take_1	take	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tail_1	tail	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tackle_1	tackle	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tablet	tablet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/user	user	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/useless	useless	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/useful	useful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/used-to	used to	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/used2	used	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/used1	used	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/use_2	use	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/use_1	use	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/set-up_2	set up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/size_1	size	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spring_1	spring	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/us_1	us	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/urgent	urgent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/urge_1	urge	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/urban	urban	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/upwards	upwards	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/upward	upward	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/upstairs_1	upstairs	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/upside-down_1	upside down	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/upsetting	upsetting	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/upset_2	upset	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/upset_1	upset	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sight_1	sight	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sideways_1	sideways	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/side_1	side	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sick_1	sick	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shy_1	shy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shut-up	shut up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shut-out	shut out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shut-in_2	shut in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shut-down	shut down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shut_1	shut	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/show-up	show up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/show-round	show round	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/show-off_2	show off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shower_1	shower	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/show_1	show	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shout_1	shout	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sixty	sixty	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sixtieth_1	sixtieth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sixth_1	sixth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sixteen	sixteen	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/six	six	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/situation	situation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/site_1	site	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sit-down_3	sit down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sit	sit	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sister	sister	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sir	sir	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sink_1	sink	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/single_1	single	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/singing	singing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/singer	singer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sing_2	sing	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suddenly	suddenly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sincerely	sincerely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sincere	sincere	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/since_1	since	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/simply	simply	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/simple	simple	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/similarly	similarly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/similar	similar	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/silver_1	silver	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/silly_1	silly	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/silk	silk	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/silent	silent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/silence_1	silence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/significantly	significantly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/significant	significant	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/signature	signature	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/system	system	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sympathy	sympathy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sympathetic	sympathetic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/symbol	symbol	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/swollen	swollen	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/switch-off	switch off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/switch_1	switch	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/swing_1	swing	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/swimming-pool	swimming pool	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/swimming	swimming	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/swim_1	swim	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/swelling	swelling	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/swell_1	swell	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sweet_1	sweet	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sweep_1	sweep	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sweater	sweater	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sweat_1	sweat	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/swearing	swearing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/swear	swear	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/swallow_1	swallow	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suspicious	suspicious	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suspicion	suspicion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suspect_1	suspect	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/survive	survive	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/survey_2	survey	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/survey_1	survey	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/surroundings	surroundings	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/surrounding	surrounding	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/surround_1	surround	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/surprisingly	surprisingly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/surprising	surprising	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/surprised	surprised	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/surprise_1	surprise	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/surname	surname	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/surface_1	surface	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/surely	surely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sure_1	sure	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suppose	suppose	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/supporter	supporter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/support_1	support	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/supply_1	supply	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/supermarket	supermarket	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/superior_1	superior	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sunday	Sunday	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sun_1	sun	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sum-up	sum up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/summer	summer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/summary_1	summary	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sum_1	sum	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suited	suited	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suitcase	suitcase	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suitable	suitable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suit_1	suit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suggestion	suggestion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suggest	suggest	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sugar_1	sugar	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sufficiently	sufficiently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sufficient	sufficient	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suffering	suffering	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suffer	suffer	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/signal_1	signal	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sign_1	sign	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spread-out	spread out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spread_1	spread	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spray_1	spray	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spot_1	spot	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sport_1	sport	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spoon_1	spoon	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spoken	spoken	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spoil_1	spoil	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/split-up	split up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/split_1	split	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spite_1	spite	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spiritual_1	spiritual	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spirit_1	spirit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spin_1	spin	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spider	spider	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spicy	spicy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spice_1	spice	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spend_1	spend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spelling	spelling	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spell_1	spell	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/speed-up	speed up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/speed_1	speed	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/speech	speech	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/specifically	specifically	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/specific	specific	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/specially	specially	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/specialist_2	specialist	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/special_1	special	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/speak-up	speak up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/speak-out	speak out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sudden	sudden	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/suck_1	suck	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/such	such	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/successfully	successfully	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/successful	successful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/success	success	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/succeed	succeed	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/substitute_1	substitute	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/substantially	substantially	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/substantial	substantial	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/substance	substance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/subject_1	subject	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/style_1	style	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stupid_1	stupid	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stuff_1	stuff	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/study_1	study	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/studio	studio	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/student	student	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/struggle_1	struggle	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/structure_1	structure	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/strongly	strongly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/strong	strong	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stroke_1	stroke	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shoulder_1	shoulder	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/should	should	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shot_1	shot	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shortly	shortly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/short_1	short	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shopping	shopping	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shop_1	shop	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shooting	shooting	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shoot-down	shoot down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shoot_1	shoot	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shoe_1	shoe	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shocking	shocking	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shocked	shocked	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shock_1	shock	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shirt	shirt	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ship_1	ship	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shiny	shiny	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shine_1	shine	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shift_1	shift	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shelter_1	shelter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shell_1	shell	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shelf	shelf	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sheet	sheet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sheep	sheep	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/she_1	she	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shave_1	shave	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sharply	sharply	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sharp_1	sharp	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/share_1	share	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shaped	shaped	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shape_1	shape	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shame_1	shame	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shallow	shallow	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shall	shall	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shake_1	shake	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shadow_1	shadow	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/shade_1	shade	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sexually	sexually	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sexual	sexual	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sex_1	sex	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sewing	sewing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sew	sew	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/severely	severely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/severe	severe	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/several_1	several	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seventy	seventy	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seventieth_1	seventieth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seventh_1	seventh	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seventeen	seventeen	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/seven	seven	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/speaker	speaker	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/speak_1	speak	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/spare_1	spare	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/space_1	space	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/southern	southern	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/south_1	south	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/source_1	source	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sour_1	sour	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/soup_1	soup	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sound_1	sound	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/soul	soul	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sort-out_2	sort out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sort_1	sort	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sorry_1	sorry	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sore_1	sore	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/soon	soon	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/song	song	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/son	son	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/somewhere_2	somewhere	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/somewhat	somewhat	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sometimes	sometimes	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/something_1	something	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/someone	someone	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/somehow	somehow	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/somebody	somebody	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/some_2	some	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/some_1	some	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/solve	solve	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/solution	solution	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/solid_1	solid	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/soldier_1	soldier	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/soil_1	soil	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/software	software	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/softly	softly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/soft	soft	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sock_1	sock	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/society	society	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/socially	socially	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/social_1	social	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/soap_1	soap	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/so_2	so	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/snow_1	snow	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/snake_1	snake	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/smoothly	smoothly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/smooth_1	smooth	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/smoking	smoking	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/smoke_1	smoke	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/smile_1	smile	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/smell_1	smell	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/smash_1	smash	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/smart_1	smart	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/small_1	small	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/slowly	slowly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/slow_1	slow	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/slope_1	slope	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/slip_1	slip	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/slightly	slightly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/slight_1	slight	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/slide_1	slide	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/slice_1	slice	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sleeve	sleeve	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sleep_1	sleep	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sky_1	sky	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/skirt_1	skirt	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/skin_1	skin	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/skilled	skilled	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/skill	skill	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/skilfully	skilfully	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/skilful	skilful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/striped	striped	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stripe	stripe	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/strip_1	strip	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/string_1	string	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/striking	striking	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/strike_1	strike	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/strictly	strictly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/strict	strict	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stretch_1	stretch	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stressed	stressed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stress_1	stress	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/strength	strength	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/street_1	street	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stream_1	stream	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/strategy	strategy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stranger	stranger	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/strangely	strangely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/strange	strange	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/strain_1	strain	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/straight_1	straight	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stove	stove	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/story	story	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/storm_1	storm	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/store_1	store	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stop_1	stop	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stone_1	stone	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stomach_1	stomach	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stock_1	stock	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stir_1	stir	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sting_1	sting	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/still_1	still	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stiffly	stiffly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stiff_1	stiff	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/sticky_1	sticky	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stick-up_2	stick up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stick-to	stick to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stick-out	stick out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stick_1	stick	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/step_1	step	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/steer_1	steer	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/steeply	steeply	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/steep_1	steep	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/steel_1	steel	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/steam_1	steam	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/steal_1	steal	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/steady_1	steady	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/steadily	steadily	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stay-out-of	stay out of	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stay-away	stay away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stay_1	stay	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/status	status	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/statue	statue	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/station_1	station	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/statement_1	statement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/state_1	state	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/start-up_3	start up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/start-out	start out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/start-off	start off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/start_1	start	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stare_1	stare	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/star_1	star	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stand-up-for	stand up for	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stand-up_3	stand up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stand-out	stand out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stand-for	stand for	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stand-by	stand by	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stand-back	stand back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/standard_1	standard	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stand_1	stand	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stamp_1	stamp	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stair_2	stair	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stage_1	stage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/staff_1	staff	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/stable_1	stable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/squeeze_1	squeeze	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/square_1	square	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/upper_1	upper	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/upon	upon	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/up_1	up	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unwillingly	unwillingly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unwilling	unwilling	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unusually	unusually	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unusual	unusual	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/until	until	conjunction,preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/untidy	untidy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unsuccessful	unsuccessful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unsteady	unsteady	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unreasonable	unreasonable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unpleasant	unpleasant	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unnecessary	unnecessary	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unlucky	unlucky	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unload	unload	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unlikely	unlikely	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unlike_1	unlike	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unless	unless	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unknown_1	unknown	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unkind	unkind	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/university	university	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/universe	universe	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/united	united	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unite_1	unite	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unit	unit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unique	unique	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/union	union	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unimportant	unimportant	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/uniform_1	uniform	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unhappy	unhappy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unfriendly	unfriendly	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unfortunately	unfortunately	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unfortunate_1	unfortunate	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unfairly	unfairly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unfair	unfair	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unexpectedly	unexpectedly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unexpected	unexpected	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unemployment	unemployment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unemployed	unemployed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/undo	undo	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/underwear	underwear	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/underwater_1	underwater	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/understanding_1	understanding	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/understand	understand	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/underneath_1	underneath	preposition,adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/underground_1	underground	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/under_1	under	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/uncontrolled	uncontrolled	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unconscious_1	unconscious	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/uncomfortable	uncomfortable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/uncle	uncle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/uncertain	uncertain	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unacceptable	unacceptable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/unable	unable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/umbrella	umbrella	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ultimately	ultimately	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ultimate_1	ultimate	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/alarming	alarming	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/arrange	arrange	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/brave_1	brave	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/brand_1	brand	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/branch_1	branch	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/brain_1	brain	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/boyfriend	boyfriend	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/boy_1	boy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/box_1	box	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bowl_1	bowl	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bound_1	bound	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bottom_1	bottom	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bottle_1	bottle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bother_1	bother	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/both	both	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/boss_1	boss	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/borrow	borrow	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/born_1	born	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/boring	boring	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bored	bored	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bore_1	bore	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/border_1	border	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/boot_1	boot	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/book_1	book	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bone_1	bone	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bomb_1	bomb	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/boil_1	boil	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/body	body	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/boat	boat	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/board_1	board	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/blue_1	blue	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/blow-up_2	blow up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/blow-out	blow out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/blow_1	blow	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/blood_1	blood	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/blonde_1	blonde	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/block_1	block	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/blind_1	blind	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/blank_1	blank	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/blame_1	blame	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/blade	blade	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/black_1	black	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bitterly	bitterly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bitter_1	bitter	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bite_1	bite	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bit	bit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/biscuit	biscuit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/birthday	birthday	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/birth	birth	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bird_1	bird	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/biology	biology	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bin_1	bin	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/billion	billion	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bill_1	bill	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bike_1	bike	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/big_1	big	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bid1_1	bid	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bicycle_1	bicycle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beyond_1	beyond	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/between_1	between	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/betting	betting	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/better_1	better	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bet_1	bet	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/best_1	best	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beside	beside	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bent_1	bent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/benefit_1	benefit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beneath_1	beneath	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bend_1	bend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/belt_1	belt	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/below_1	below	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/belong-to	belong to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/belong	belong	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bell	bell	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/believe-in	believe in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/believe	believe	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/belief	belief	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/be-left-over	be left over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/behind_1	behind	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/behaviour	behaviour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/behave	behave	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/behalf	behalf	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beginning	beginning	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/begin	begin	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/before_1	before	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beer	beer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beef_1	beef	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bedroom_1	bedroom	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bed_1	bed	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/become	become	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/because-of	because of	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/because	because	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beauty	beauty	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beautifully	beautifully	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beautiful	beautiful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beat-up_2	beat up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beat_1	beat	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/beard_1	beard	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/obey	obey	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/qualification	qualification	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/table_1	table	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ugly	ugly	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bear_1	bear	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/adventure	adventure	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/advantage_1	advantage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/advanced	advanced	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/advance_1	advance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/adult_1	adult	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/adopt	adopt	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/admit	admit	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/admire	admire	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/admiration	admiration	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/adjust	adjust	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/adequately	adequately	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/adequate	adequate	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/add-up-to	add up to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/add-up	add up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/address_1	address	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/add-on_2	add on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/additional	additional	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/addition	addition	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/add_1	add	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/adapt	adapt	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ad_1	ad	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/actually	actually	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/actual	actual	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/actress	actress	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/actor	actor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/activity	activity	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/actively	actively	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/active_1	active	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/action_1	action	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/victim	victim	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wild_1	wild	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tunnel_1	tunnel	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/religion	religion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/routine_1	routine	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/act_1	act	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/across_1	across	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/acquire	acquire	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/a-couple	 couple	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/acknowledge	acknowledge	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/acid_1	acid	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/breakfast_1	breakfast	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/whole_1	whole	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/whoever	whoever	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/who_1	who	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/white_1	white	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/whistle_1	whistle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/whisper_1	whisper	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/while_1	while	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/which_1	which	pronoun,determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/whether	whether	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wherever_1	wherever	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/whereas	whereas	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/where_1	where	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/whenever_1	whenever	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/when_1	when	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wheel_1	wheel	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bye_1	bye	exclamation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/by_1	by	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/buyer	buyer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/buy_1	buy	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/button_1	button	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/butter_1	butter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/but_1	but	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/busy_1	busy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/businessman	businessman	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/business	business	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bush	bush	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bus_1	bus	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bury	bury	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/burst-out	burst out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/burst-into	burst into	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/burst_1	burst	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-up-with	put up with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-up	put up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-together	put together	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-through	put through	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-out_1	put out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-on_2	put on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-off	put off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-in_2	put in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-forward	put forward	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-down_2	put down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-back	put back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put-away	put away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/put	put	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tune_1	tune	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tuesday	Tuesday	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tube	tube	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/try-out	try out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/try-on	try on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/try_1	try	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/truth	truth	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/trust_1	trust	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/truly	truly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/true_1	true	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/truck_1	truck	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/trousers	trousers	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/trouble_1	trouble	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tropical	tropical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/trip_1	trip	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/trick_1	trick	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/triangle	triangle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/trial_1	trial	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/push-forward	push forward	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/push-about	push about	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/burnt	burnt	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/burn-down	burn down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/burn_1	burn	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bunch_1	bunch	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bullet	bullet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/build-up_2	build up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/building	building	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/build_1	build	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/budget_1	budget	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bubble_1	bubble	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/brush_1	brush	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/brown_1	brown	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/brother_1	brother	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/broken	broken	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/broadly	broadly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/broadcast_1	broadcast	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/broad_1	broad	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bring-up	bring up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bring-out	bring out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bring-forward	bring forward	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bring-down	bring down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bring-back	bring back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bring	bring	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/brilliant	brilliant	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/brightly	brightly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bright_1	bright	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/briefly	briefly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/brief_1	brief	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/bridge_1	bridge	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/brick_1	brick	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/breed_1	breed	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/breathing	breathing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/breathe-out	breathe out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/breathe-in	breathe in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/breathe	breathe	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/breath	breath	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/breast_1	breast	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/break-up_2	break up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/break-out	break out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/break-off	break off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/break-into	break into	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/break-in_2	break in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wife	wife	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/width	width	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/widely	widely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wide_1	wide	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/why_1	why	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/whose	whose	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/whom	whom	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/trend	trend	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tree	tree	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/treatment	treatment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/treat_1	treat	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/traveller	traveller	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/travel_1	travel	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/trap_1	trap	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/transportation	transportation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/transport_2	transport	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/transport_1	transport	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/transparent	transparent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/translation	translation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/translate	translate	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/transform	transform	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/transfer_2	transfer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/transfer_1	transfer	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/training	training	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/train_1	train	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/traffic_1	traffic	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/traditionally	traditionally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/traditional	traditional	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tradition	tradition	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/trading	trading	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/trade_1	trade	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/track_1	track	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/trace_1	trace	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/toy_1	toy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/town	town	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tower_1	tower	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/towel_1	towel	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/towards	towards	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tourist	tourist	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tour_1	tour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tough_1	tough	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/touch_1	touch	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/totally	totally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/total_1	total	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/topic	topic	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/top_1	top	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tooth	tooth	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tool_1	tool	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/too	too	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tonne	tonne	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tonight_1	tonight	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tongue_1	tongue	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tone_1	tone	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ton	ton	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tomorrow_1	tomorrow	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tomato	tomato	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/toilet	toilet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/together_1	together	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/toe_1	toe	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/today_1	today	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/to_1	to	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/title_1	title	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tiring	tiring	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tire-out	tire out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tired	tired	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tire_1	tire	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tip-over	tip over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tip_1	tip	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tiny	tiny	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tin	tin	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/timetable_1	timetable	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/time_1	time	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/till_1	till	conjunction,preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tightly	tightly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tight_1	tight	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tie-up_2	tie up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tie_1	tie	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tidy_1	tidy	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ticket_1	ticket	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thus	thus	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thursday	Thursday	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/thumb_1	thumb	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/throw-out	throw out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/throw-away	throw away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/throw_1	throw	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/throughout_1	throughout	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/route_1	route	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rounded	rounded	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/round_1	round	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/roughly	roughly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rough_1	rough	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rope_1	rope	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/root_1	root	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/room_1	room	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/roof_1	roof	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/romantic_1	romantic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/roll_1	roll	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/role	role	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rock_1	rock	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rob	rob	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/road	road	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/river	river	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rival_1	rival	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/risk_1	risk	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rise_1	rise	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ring-back	ring back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ring2_1	ring	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ring1_1	ring	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rightly	rightly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/right_1	right	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/riding	riding	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ridiculous	ridiculous	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rider	rider	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ride_1	ride	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rid	rid	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rich	rich	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rice	rice	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rhythm	rhythm	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reward_1	reward	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/revolution	revolution	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/revision	revision	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/revise	revise	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/review_1	review	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reverse_1	reverse	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reveal	reveal	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/return_1	return	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pink_1	pink	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pin_1	pin	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pilot_1	pilot	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pill_1	pill	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pile-up_2	pile up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pile_1	pile	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pig_1	pig	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/piece_1	piece	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/picture_1	picture	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pick-up_1	pick up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pick_1	pick	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/piano_2	piano	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/physics	physics	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/physically	physically	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/physical_1	physical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/phrase_1	phrase	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/photography	photography	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/photographer	photographer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/photograph_1	photograph	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/photocopy_1	photocopy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/photo_1	photo	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/phone_1	phone	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/philosophy	philosophy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/phase_1	phase	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/petrol	petrol	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pet_1	pet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/persuade	persuade	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/personally	personally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/personality	personality	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/personal	personal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/person	person	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/permit_1	permit	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/permission	permission	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/permanently	permanently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/permanent_1	permanent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/period_1	period	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/perhaps	perhaps	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/performer	performer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/performance	performance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/perform	perform	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/perfectly	perfectly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/perfect_1	perfect	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/per-cent_1	per cent	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/per	per	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pepper_1	pepper	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/people_1	people	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pension1_1	pension	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/penny	penny	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pencil_1	pencil	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pen_1	pen	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/peak_1	peak	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/peaceful	peaceful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/peace	peace	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pay-up	pay up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pay-out	pay out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/payment	payment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pay-back	pay back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pay_1	pay	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pause_1	pause	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pattern_1	pattern	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/patient_1	patient	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/patience	patience	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/path	path	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/past_1	past	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pass-through	pass through	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pass-round	pass round	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/passport	passport	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pass-out	pass out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pass-on	pass on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/passing_1	passing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/passenger	passenger	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pass-by	pass by	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pass-away	pass away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/passage	passage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pass_1	pass	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/party_1	party	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/partnership	partnership	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/partner_1	partner	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/partly	partly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/particularly	particularly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/particular_1	particular	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/part_1	part	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/parliament	parliament	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/park_1	park	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/parent	parent	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/parallel_2	parallel	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/paper_1	paper	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pants	pants	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/panel_1	panel	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pan1_1	pan	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pale_1	pale	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/presumably	presumably	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pressure_1	pressure	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/press_1	press	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/president	president	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/preserve_1	preserve	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/presentation	presentation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/present_3	present	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/present_1	present	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/presence	presence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prepared	prepared	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prepare	prepare	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/preparation	preparation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/premises	premises	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pregnant	pregnant	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/preference	preference	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prefer	prefer	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/predict	predict	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/precisely	precisely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/precise	precise	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prayer	prayer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pray_1	pray	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/praise_1	praise	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/practise	practise	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/practice_1	practice	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/practically	practically	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/practical_1	practical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/powerful	powerful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/power_1	power	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/powder_1	powder	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pour	pour	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pound_1	pound	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/potentially	potentially	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/potential_1	potential	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/potato	potato	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pot_1	pot	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/post-office	post office	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/post_1	post	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/possibly	possibly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/possible_1	possible	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/possibility	possibility	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/possession	possession	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/possess	possess	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/positive_1	positive	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/position_1	position	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pose_1	pose	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/port_1	port	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/population	population	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/popular	popular	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pop_1	pop	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/poor	poor	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pool_1	pool	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pollution	pollution	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/politics	politics	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/politician	politician	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/politically	politically	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/political	political	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/politely	politely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/polite	polite	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/polish_1	polish	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/policy	policy	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/police_1	police	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pole_1	pole	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/poisonous	poisonous	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/poison_1	poison	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/point-out	point out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pointed	pointed	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/point_1	point	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/poetry	poetry	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/poem	poem	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pocket_1	pocket	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/p-m	p.m.	abbreviation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/plus1_1	plus	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/plug-in_3	plug in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/plug_1	plug	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/plot_1	plot	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/plenty_1	plenty	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pleasure	pleasure	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pleasing	pleasing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pleased	pleased	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/please_1	please	exclamation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pleasantly	pleasantly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pleasant	pleasant	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/play-with	play with	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/player	player	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/play-about	play about	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/play_1	play	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/platform	platform	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/plate_1	plate	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/plastic_1	plastic	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/plant_1	plant	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/planning	planning	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/planet	planet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/plane_1	plane	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/plan_1	plan	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/plain_1	plain	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/push_1	push	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pursue	pursue	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/purpose	purpose	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/purple_1	purple	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/purely	purely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pure	pure	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/purchase_1	purchase	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pupil	pupil	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/punishment	punishment	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/punish	punish	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/punch_1	punch	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pull-up_2	pull up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pull-together_2	pull together	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pull-through	pull through	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pull-over	pull over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pull-out_3	pull out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pull-off	pull off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pull-in	pull in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pull-down_2	pull down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pull-apart	pull apart	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pull_1	pull	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/publishing	publishing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/publish	publish	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/publicly	publicly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/publicity	publicity	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/publication	publication	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/public_1	public	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pub	pub	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/providing	providing	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/provided	provided	conjunction
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/provide	provide	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prove	prove	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/proudly	proudly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/proud_1	proud	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/protest_2	protest	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/protest_1	protest	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/protection	protection	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/protect	protect	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prospect_1	prospect	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/propose	propose	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/proposal	proposal	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/proportion	proportion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/property	property	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/properly	properly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/proper	proper	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/proof_1	proof	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pronunciation	pronunciation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pronounce	pronounce	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/promptly	promptly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prompt_1	prompt	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/promotion	promotion	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/promote	promote	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/promise_1	promise	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/project_2	project	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/project_1	project	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/progress_2	progress	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/progress_1	progress	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/programme_1	programme	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/program_1	program	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/profit_1	profit	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/professor	professor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/professional_1	professional	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/profession	profession	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/production	production	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/product	product	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/producer	producer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/produce_1	produce	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/process1_1	process	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/proceed	proceed	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/procedure	procedure	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/problem_1	problem	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/probably	probably	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/probable_1	probable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prize_1	prize	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/privately	privately	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/private_1	private	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prisoner	prisoner	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prison	prison	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/priority	priority	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prior_1	prior	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/print-off	print off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/printing	printing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/printer	printer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/print_1	print	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/principle	principle	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/princess	princess	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prince	prince	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prime-minister	prime minister	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/primary_1	primary	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/primarily	primarily	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/priest	priest	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pride_1	pride	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/price_1	price	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/previously	previously	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/previous	previous	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/prevent	prevent	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/whatever_1	whatever	determiner,pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/what	what	pronoun,determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wet_1	wet	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/western_1	western	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/west_1	west	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/well-known	well known	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/well_1	well	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/welcome_1	welcome	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/weight_1	weight	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/weigh	weigh	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/weekly_2	weekly	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/weekend_1	weekend	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/week	week	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wednesday	Wednesday	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wedding	wedding	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/website	website	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/web	web	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/weather_1	weather	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wear-out	wear out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wear-off	wear off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wear-away	wear away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wear_1	wear	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/weapon	weapon	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wealth	wealth	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/weakness	weakness	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/weak	weak	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/we	we	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/way_1	way	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wave_1	wave	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/water_1	water	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/watch-out-for	watch out for	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/watch-out	watch out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/watch_1	watch	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/waste_1	waste	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wash-up	wash up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wash-out	wash out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wash-off	wash off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/washing	washing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wash-away	wash away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wash_1	wash	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/warning_2	warning	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/warn	warn	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/warm-up_2	warm up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/warmth	warmth	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/warm_1	warm	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/war	war	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/want_1	want	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wander_1	wander	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wallet	wallet	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wall_1	wall	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/walk-up_2	walk up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/walk-out	walk out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/walking_1	walking	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/walk_1	walk	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wake_1	wake	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/waiter	waiter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wait_1	wait	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/waist	waist	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wage_1	wage	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/vote_1	vote	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/volume	volume	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/voice_1	voice	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/vocabulary	vocabulary	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/vital	vital	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/visitor	visitor	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/visit_1	visit	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/vision	vision	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/visible	visible	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/virus	virus	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/virtually	virtually	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/violently	violently	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/violent	violent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/violence	violence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/village	village	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/view_1	view	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/video_1	video	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/victory	victory	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/zone_1	zone	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/zero_1	zero	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/youth	youth	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/yourself	yourself	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/yours	yours	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/your	your	determiner
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/young_1	young	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/you	you	pronoun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/yet_1	yet	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/yesterday_1	yesterday	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/yes_1	yes	exclamation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/yellow_1	yellow	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/year	year	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/yeah	yeah	exclamation
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/yawn_1	yawn	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/yard	yard	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wrongly	wrongly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wrong_1	wrong	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/written	written	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/writing	writing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/writer	writer	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/write-down_2	write down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/write-back_2	write back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/write	write	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wrist	wrist	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wrapping	wrapping	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wrap_1	wrap	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wounded	wounded	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wound1_1	wound	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/would	would	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/worth_1	worth	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/worst_1	worst	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/worship_1	worship	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/worse_1	worse	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/worrying	worrying	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/worry_1	worry	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/worried	worried	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/world	world	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/work-out	work out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/working_1	working	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/worker	worker	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/work_1	work	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/word_1	word	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wool	wool	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wooden	wooden	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wood	wood	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wonderful	wonderful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wonder_1	wonder	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/woman	woman	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/witness_1	witness	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/without_1	without	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/within_1	within	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/withdraw	withdraw	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/with	with	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wish_1	wish	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wise_1	wise	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wire_1	wire	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/winter_1	winter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/winning	winning	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/winner	winner	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wing_1	wing	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wine_1	wine	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/window	window	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wind2_2	wind	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wind1_1	wind	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/win_1	win	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/willingness	willingness	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/willingly	willingly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/willing	willing	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/will_1	will	modal verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/wildly	wildly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/through_1	through	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/throat	throat	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/three	three	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/the-unexpected	 unexpected	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/the-unemployed	 unemployed	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tyre	tyre	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/typically	typically	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/typical	typical	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/type_1	type	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/two	two	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/twisted	twisted	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/twist_1	twist	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/twin_1	twin	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/twice	twice	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/twenty	twenty	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/twentieth_1	twentieth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/twelve	twelve	number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/twelfth_1	twelfth	ordinal number
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/tv	TV	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/turn-up_2	turn up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/turn-to	turn to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/turn-round	turn round	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/turn-over	turn over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/turn-out	turn out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/turn-on_2	turn on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/turn-off_2	turn off	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/turn-into	turn into	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/turn-down	turn down	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/turn-back	turn back	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/turn_1	turn	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/retirement	retirement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/retired	retired	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/retire	retire	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/retain	retain	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/result-in	result in	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/result_1	result	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/restriction	restriction	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/restricted	restricted	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/restrict	restrict	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/restore	restore	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/restaurant	restaurant	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rest_1	rest	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/responsible	responsible	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/responsibility	responsibility	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/response	response	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/respond	respond	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/respect_1	respect	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/resource_1	resource	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/resort-to	resort to	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/resort_1	resort	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/resolve_1	resolve	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/resistance	resistance	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/resist	resist	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/resident_1	resident	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reserve_1	reserve	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reservation	reservation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/research_1	research	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rescue_1	rescue	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/requirement	requirement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/require	require	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/request_1	request	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reputation	reputation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reproduce	reproduce	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/representative_1	representative	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/represent	represent	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/report_1	report	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/reply_1	reply	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/replace	replace	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/repeatedly	repeatedly	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/repeated	repeated	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/repeat_1	repeat	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/repair_1	repair	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rented	rented	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rent_1	rent	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/remove_1	remove	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/removal	removal	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/remote_1	remote	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/remind-of	remind of	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/remind	remind	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/remember	remember	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/remarkably	remarkably	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/remarkable	remarkable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/remark_1	remark	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/remains	remains	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/remaining	remaining	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/remain	remain	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rely-on	rely on	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rely	rely	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/religious	religious	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rush_1	rush	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rural	rural	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/run-through_2	run through	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/run-over	run over	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/run-out_2	run out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/running_1	running	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/runner	runner	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/run-away	run away	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/run-after	run after	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/run_1	run	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rumour_1	rumour	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ruler	ruler	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rule-out	rule out	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rule_1	rule	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ruined	ruined	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ruin_1	ruin	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rudely	rudely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rude	rude	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rubbish_1	rubbish	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rubber_2	rubber	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/rub_1	rub	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/royal_1	royal	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/row1_1	row	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/palace	palace	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pair_1	pair	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/painting	painting	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/painter	painter	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/paint_1	paint	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/painful	painful	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pain_1	pain	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/page_1	page	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pack-up	pack up	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/place_1	place	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pity_1	pity	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pitch_1	pitch	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pipe_1	pipe	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pint	pint	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pretty_1	pretty	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/pretend_1	pretend	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/achievement	achievement	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/achieve	achieve	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/accuse	accuse	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/accurately	accurately	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/accurate	accurate	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/account-for	account for	
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/account_1	account	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/according-to	according to	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/accompany	accompany	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/accommodation	accommodation	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/accidentally	accidentally	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/accidental	accidental	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/accident	accident	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/access_1	access	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/acceptable	acceptable	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/accept	accept	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/accent_1	accent	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/academic_1	academic	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/abuse_2	abuse	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/abuse_1	abuse	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/absorb	absorb	verb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/absolutely	absolutely	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/absolute_1	absolute	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/absent_1	absent	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/absence	absence	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/abroad	abroad	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/above_1	above	preposition
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/about_1	about	adverb
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/able_1	able	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ability_1	ability	noun
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/abandoned	abandoned	adjective
http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/abandon_1	abandon	verb
